according to a PBC adviser Bitcoin is
illegitimate but the currency that they
issue is not government decree is the
only thing that sets a fiat currency
apart from a cryptocurrency in this
respect governments and those in the
financial industry have been constantly
dwelling on the dangers of
cryptocurrencies all the while proving
that Central planners are completely
incapable of price stability you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you I have a whole host of issues to
talk to you today about but let's begin
with Bitcoin this article is out of
Reuters virtual currencies like Bitcoin
are assets but Bitcoin itself doesn't
have the fundamental attributes needed
to be a currency that could meet modern
Economic Development needs and that is
according to this pboc
advisor this is what he said I'll read
you his quote Bitcoin does not have the
fundamental attri rutes because it is a
string of code generated by complex
algorithms he then goes on to say that
it's an asset does have some technical
value and essentially tries to say you
know it's it's cool and everything but
it's not exactly our national
currency let me just first discuss this
central banks
have are in fact quasi government or or
semiprivate
institutions they issue the currency for
that particular country which becomes
the legal tender they decide how much
currency is printed they decide the
interest rates they essentially decide
what the currency is worth at any given
moment so we know that to be a fact we
know that central banks are unable to
maintain price stability we see that in
hyperinflations that take place and we
also just see it in the general
inflation that takes place over time as
you lose the value of your currencies
it's a fact that happens that's why it's
important to hold real
assets they make the claim that
cryptocurrencies are illegitimate
because it's a string of code generated
by a complex algorithm yet the only
thing that
legitimizes a fiat currency from a
government is simply the fact that they
say we promise to pay back on our debt
so we're taking their promise for the
way it is two pieces of paper one could
be Zimbabwe one could be US dollar and
the only reason why one is worth more
than the other is the idea in our heads
that one government is more legitimate
than the other it's the people's
mentality surrounding that particular
asset or currency or whatever it is
that's what gives it value it's all
imagined in our head you see gold
trading on the financial exchanges
sitting at let's say $1,200 an ounce and
you believe that gold is worth $1,200 an
ounce but it's only worth 1,200 at that
given moment tomorrow it could be 100
the next day it could be 100 million you
don't know but it doesn't really change
the value of what you're looking at if
it's a piece of paper it is worth a
piece of paper whatever that is to you a
piece of gold is worth a lump of metal
that's it what I look at it as what does
this provide me if I have a house that I
live in this
house is worth to me it's worth shelter
it provides warmth it provides cooling
it provides the ability for me to live
under these um good conditions let's say
so that to me has a lot of
value paper currencies or money in
general it doesn't really have value to
me but it what it does for me is an
ability to transact so I want to buy
apples so if I want to get apples cuz
I'm hungry what do I do well I have to
get money I have to go to the store I
have to pay for those apples I could
grow it myself but stay with me on this
I could go to the store I could use this
currency to buy something with those are
the goods right there so I take this
currency where do I get it from well I
have to get it from the bank and of
course we know how the banking system
works and so on all we're using money
for is an ability to transact I want a
product good services and how do I get
it well I use currency so there's no
reason why we couldn't use any currency
I could use Zimbabwe notes if I decide
to if the store will accept them I could
do that but essentially what has
happened here is that we are fighting in
between you know is Bitcoin legitimate
when I don't think we want it to be
considered legitimate by governments I
don't want that at all I want the
ability for you and I to transact
through some sort of medium of exchange
that no third party knows about call it
Bitcoin call it altcoin call it
GPS coin I it doesn't matter I don't
know what it's going to be I don't know
how we're going to do all of this I'm
not designing any of this all I'm saying
is that I don't have any faith in any
government at all and I hope that they
don't start stick their nose into all of
these cryptocurrencies that will make
things worse okay that's enough renting
for this let me move on into the next
article as we talk about
debt total debt to GDP this is in China
it has expanded does that surprise you
at all look at this over the years
complete expansion and one of them being
nonin corporates I'll just quickly
mention if you can't read it household
government and financial sector these
are all expanding and it goes with any
country in fact but the one that I
wanted to highlight is something that
I've talked about before and that is the
non-f fin
corporates corporations are expanding
their debt and they need to do this
because times are tough they have to
take on more debt but the system as a
whole is taking on more debt we have
seen that we've seen cities and states
and provinces and regions and everywhere
else take on more debt why why aren't
they paying off the debt because they
can get it more cheaply now than ever
before and quite frankly this is the
name of the game is to get into more
debt you can't pay off debt because
you'll collapse the system totally
Switching gears here for for a moment
this is something that I see all the
time I've covered it a couple times but
I generally I I see it all the time so I
it's something that I just I don't bring
up to you but I'm sure you've seen it
for yourself military plane over Rock
Hill rattles neighborhoods this is
something that takes place without the
warning or consent of the people you
have these military drills people get
freaked out they're screaming they're
calling 911 they are getting on social
media wondering what the hell is going
on and then after the fact the
government comes out and says yes we
were running some tests why wouldn't you
just let people know beforehand why not
because you want to see how they react
if there's tanks on the streets and
people in these militarized police get
up walking down your streets and scaring
the hell out of you you want to see how
the people react and then you can gauge
your soldiers and see
you know what happened how did they
react what what was their solu what was
the uh you know what happened
essentially this happens all the
time all right very quickly here rather
than sell his soybeans for pesos that
were are worth less every day because of
the rampant inflation this man from
Argentina figured he get a better deal
by trading the crop for something he can
actually use more fuel to run his
tractor so this is what's happening a
barter system is opening up in Argentina
where there is heavy heavy inflation now
think about that for a second going back
to
barter why because the government failed
the government failed at being able to
maintain their price
stability that's what I talked about in
the
introduction isn't
this really interesting why the hell do
we even need a current curency for the
most part if they can't figure out a way
to keep it
stable so one farmer says well you know
what why don't I give you some of this
that I have a lot of that may be an
asset to you and then you have that fuel
well we can do a nice little exchange
you have a lot of that I have a lot of
this we'll just do an exchange no money
involved we don't need to get any third
party involved it's just you and I and I
think that is so beautiful it doesn't
matter what we do that with I just think
it's incredible I could have a service I
have a financial service where I do
let's say where I used to do anyway
where I would do consultations right
well that consultation I would accept
money currency US Dollars Canadian
dollars
whatever instead I could say you can
give me apples all right so I will do
this for you you can give me apples I
like apples I want to eat apples you
have an apple farm I'll come to your
farm I'll pick the apples and then you
can we can do this exchange I think that
is so genius why do we need to go
through that
middleman well of course we do so
because it makes our lives somewhat
easier in a way but these middl men
exist in between every little different
thing that we have all of the products
that we have all the goods and the
services and everything else there's all
these middlemen which seem to be making
their little profits here and there you
know you have interact machines and the
company that you use them at has to pay
a service fee every single month for
that and then you know you that that
building you go into has to have lights
on and the lights are power and the
power company the taxes they pay and so
on and so forth and you see where I'm
going here I just love the system in
general just just think about that that
we don't need a third party we really
don't SE is to close 43 more stores to
cut costs the retail Market is dying and
this is something that has been going on
for a little while and this is part of
the reason and that is square feet of
retail per capita particularly in the US
okay you are seeing absolute ridiculous
amount of retail and what are they doing
well they're renting out these malls
these retail spaces
to I I believe there was you know like
libraries and schools and all sorts of
things that you would not normally see
in a mall but simply they have a lot of
retail space come on in we need somebody
in here so they're getting a rent for
their retail space that's something
that's happening you also have the rise
of Corporations like Amazon and online
retailers which continue to do better
year after year after year you see
particular companies let's say just
Walmart for example where they're online
sales pick up year after year after year
so while that company might be still
bringing in the sales they're doing more
so online versus the brick and mortar so
there's a lot of things going on here
but I think generally the economy is
doing worse this here is just trying to
show you a chart of the case Schiller us
home price index and going year after
year now things have changed since but
essentially what this article I was
reading just has this in mind that at
this time in particular in Canada where
we are at right now is at the very top
of this peak and they claim that it will
head downwards I don't think it will
head downwards if interest rates remain
low they seem to be wanting to increase
this should interest rates hit to a
higher level I do believe that the
prices will head south and it will
happen very quickly because of the
amount of Leverage people love leverage
and people will fight for leverage and
everything that stands for I on the
other hand simply feel that there is too
much leverage in the system and just a
little little increase in the borrowing
cost will hurt people very badly they
will go bankrupt all right so we're
looking at this imagine this the tax
employees to carry guns the county is
actually saying saying that they'll save
$350,000 per
year all the while saying that people
shouldn't have the ability to carry guns
that's the way I see it to be ridiculous
in a way the tax man now the tax man
runs such a dangerous job they are a
part is in part essentially
a whatever you want to call it a robber
you know they're just doing their job I
get it but they are extorting the public
of their money that's what taxes really
are particular in particular income tax
I see that to be actual robbery and I'm
not trying to be silly about that I I do
see it as theft because you've earned
that income the government didn't earn
that income now we have
consumption-based taxes so you go to the
store and you buy an iPad you pay tax on
that iPad that's a consumption based tax
you decided to buy the iPad whereas the
income you need to work because you have
to buy things you need to buy food you
need to buy shelter and all this and
that so you are
essentially it's different there's much
different between the consumption based
taxes and the income based taxes I see
it as fraud and that's why they have to
bring guns to collect the taxes because
people don't want to give it up and I
don't blame them now a lot of people
have decided not to pay their taxes I
think this could be a very bad idea I
think there are a lot of better
loopholes around the system that you
should be interested in I won't get into
that but there are ways to deal with
that silver flash crashed and I thought
it was interesting I wanted to bring it
to you this here when you see this line
heading straight down any in any stock
in any Futures Market or any anything
like this this is
not to me it's not legitimate nothing
really depreciates at such a large level
now the funny thing about this was it
was after
hours this occurred after hours in an IL
liquid time period why would an
individual want to sell off if it was
just a person why would they want to
sell off anything a large amount this
was a significant amount of silver all
at once sell it off in an illiquid time
period it it's possible there's no doubt
but it seems to be that it's
nonsensical so I believe this was either
a computer program acting in this way
and that's generally what the flash
crashes are or this was all part of the
nefarious plan to try and push the
silver and gold downward we know that
they are doing that I don't know to what
degree exactly because all the
information is sort of uh clouded and
shrouded in mystery but let's just say
for a fact that there was some
disruption in the silver market
today very quickly here Facebook
Facebook intends to develop 1.75 million
square ft of offices and it goes on
they're deel developing this massive
area where there will be housing where
there will be a very big park
or whatever you want to call it their
campus as they say and this is a massive
Endeavor what I find interesting about
it is that it's almost similar to what
you see in developing nations if you've
ever been to some of these
resorts in the developing
nations in the Caribbean or anywhere
else Mexico or whatever you see a lot of
times where they have this huge huge
Resort where thousands of people will be
at thousands of these tourists will be
at and you have the living quarters
located within the property
grounds and that's the kind of vibe that
it gives me I mean you had the same type
of deal going on at foxcon in China
other factories in China in fact where
they live in the same area
if it's you know it's your decision to
work in this place to live in this place
you don't it's not slave labor
necessarily but I just see it
as you work so much to attain this fiat
currency garbage
paper
that we are doing this for paper and
they're working their themselves to
death people work themselves to
death and then think about it they want
to live really close to work because
that allows them to get to and from you
know they're not spending much time at
home because they are working very long
hours because they need to make their
paper and to me this just it just says
it
all it's quite sad in
fact the shortage of housing in
California Silicon Valley has gotten so
severe that Facebook on Friday propose
taking Home Building into its own hands
for the first time it plans to construct
1,500 units near its headquarters it
goes on but essentially what we have is
a frightening scenario where much wealth
is leaving the hands of the middle class
it's making its way into the corporate
hands who have control over the
government and
un unbelievably it's happening at such a
rapid clip if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up I
went in all different directions today I
ranted quite a bit but I hope that I got
through my points if you appreciate that
then obviously please continue to
support me last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my books the money GPS and my
new release global economic collapse
even more informative you can flip
through these books at Amazon the links
are in the description the first book is
about the four asset classes and how to
profit from them whereas the new book
takes on these familiar Concepts but
then I get into things like tax
incentives reducing your monthly
expenses and getting away from the
financial system I teach you how to do
that in global economic collapse I call
it the money GPS strategy so take a look
at it at Amazon you can flip through the
pages there if you want the audiobook
version instead of global eon iomic
collapse that's available at the money
gps.com check out the links Below in the
description for all the things that I
offer thank you for your support as
always take care